README.md, before:

# Systelab Angular Schematics

This repository is a basic Schematic implementation that serves as a starting point to create and publish Schematics to work with [systelab-components](https://github.com/systelab/systelab-components).

## Working with the repo

In order to clone the repository and test the library use the following commands:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/systelab/systelab-schematics.git
cd systelab-schematics
npm install
npm run build
```

In order to publish the library, an authorized npm user is required. Once set, update the version in the package.json, and run the npm publish script:

```npm
npm publish
```

## Using systelab-schematics

In order to use the schematics you must install the following development dependency:

```
npm i -D systelab-schematics
```

### Create Modal

In order to generate a new modal based on systelab-components, you must run the following angular cli command

```
ng g systelab-schematics:dialog --name="patient management"
```

The schematic will:

- Generate a patient-management folder
- The files: patient-management-dialog.ts, patient-management-dialog.spec.ts, patient-management-dialog.html and patient-management-dialog.scss

The name for the selector will be name dashed, and the name of the components will be the name upper camel case.

### Create Grid

In order to generate a new grid based on systelab-components, you must run the following angular cli command

```
ng g systelab-schematics:grid --name="patient details"
```

The schematic will:

- Generate a patient-details folder and a grid folder
- The files: patient-details-grid.ts and patient-details-grid-spec.ts

The name for the selector will be name dashed, and the name of the components will be the name upper camel case.

### Create ComboBox

In order to generate a new combobox based on systelab-components, you must run the following angular cli command

```
ng g systelab-schematics:combobox --name="patient details"
```

The schematic will:

- Generate a patient-details folder and a combobox folder
- The files: patient-details-combobox.ts and patient-details-combobox-spec.ts

The name for the selector will be name dashed, and the name of the components will be the name upper camel case.

### Example

FOr a full example run:

```
cd somelocation
ng new --style=scss --routing=false simpletest &&
cd simpletest &&
npm install -D systelab-schematics &&
npm install systelab-translate &&
npm install systelab-preferences &&
npm install systelab-components &&
npm install systelab-login &&
npm install systelab-charts &&
npm install -D systelab-schematics &&
cd src &&
mkdir common &&
cd common &&
mkdir components &&
cd components &&
ng g systelab-schematics:grid --name="some name" &&
ng g systelab-schematics:combobox --name="some name" &&
cd .. &&
cd .. &&
cd app &&
ng g systelab-schematics:dialog --name="some name"

```

Commit message:

Add the possibility to set api and model

README.md, after:

# Systelab Angular Schematics

This repository is a basic Schematic implementation that serves as a starting point to create and publish Schematics to work with [systelab-components](https://github.com/systelab/systelab-components).

## Working with the repo

In order to clone the repository and test the library use the following commands:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/systelab/systelab-schematics.git
cd systelab-schematics
npm install
npm run build
```

In order to publish the library, an authorized npm user is required. Once set, update the version in the package.json, and run the npm publish script:

```npm
npm publish
```

## Using systelab-schematics

In order to use the schematics you must install the following development dependency:

```
npm i -D systelab-schematics
```

### Create Modal

In order to generate a new modal based on systelab-components, you must run the following angular cli command

```
ng g systelab-schematics:dialog --name="patient management"
```

The schematic will:

- Generate a patient-management folder
- The files: patient-management-dialog.ts, patient-management-dialog.spec.ts, patient-management-dialog.html and patient-management-dialog.scss

The name for the selector will be name dashed, and the name of the components will be the name upper camel case.

### Create Grid

In order to generate a new grid based on systelab-components, you must run the following angular cli command

```
ng g systelab-schematics:grid --name="patient details" --api="PatientDetailsService" --model="PatientDetail"
```

The schematic will:

- Generate a patient-details folder and a grid folder
- The files: patient-details-grid.ts and patient-details-grid-spec.ts

The name for the selector will be name dashed, and the name of the components will be the name upper camel case.

If api is not set name upper camel case with the suffix 'Api' will be used.
If model is not set name upper camel case with the suffix 'Data' will be used.


### Create ComboBox

In order to generate a new combobox based on systelab-components, you must run the following angular cli command

```
ng g systelab-schematics:combobox --name="patient details" --api="PatientDetailsService" --model="PatientDetail"
```

The schematic will:

- Generate a patient-details folder and a combobox folder
- The files: patient-details-combobox.ts and patient-details-combobox-spec.ts

The name for the selector will be name dashed, and the name of the components will be the name upper camel case.

If api is not set name upper camel case with the suffix 'Api' will be used.
If model is not set name upper camel case with the suffix 'Data' will be used.

### Example

FOr a full example run:

```
cd somelocation
ng new --style=scss --routing=false simpletest &&
cd simpletest &&
npm install -D systelab-schematics &&
npm install systelab-translate &&
npm install systelab-preferences &&
npm install systelab-components &&
npm install systelab-login &&
npm install systelab-charts &&
npm install -D systelab-schematics &&
cd src &&
mkdir common &&
cd common &&
mkdir components &&
cd components &&
ng g systelab-schematics:grid --name="some name" &&
ng g systelab-schematics:combobox --name="some name" &&
cd .. &&
cd .. &&
cd app &&
ng g systelab-schematics:dialog --name="some name"

```
